Update common-here-plus-gps.rst (#4598)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-here-plus-gps.rst

During the survey process, the right box will show the current survey status: Position is invalid: base station has not yet reached a valid location; In Progress: survey is still in progress; Duration: The number of seconds that the current surveying task has been executed; Observation: the number of observations acquired; Current Acc: Absolute geographic accuracy that the current base station can achieve. The green bar at the lower part of the Mission Planner page shows the satellites being detected and the signal strength related to each satellite. 
 
The base station needs a certain amount of time to meet the accuracy requirements of your input. Testing shows that, in an open area without shelter, to achieve the absolute accuracy of 2m takes a few minutes; to reach the absolute accuracy of less than 30cm takes around an hour; to reach the accuracy of 10cm takes a few hours.

.. note::

>    These duration could vary greatly by various factors. For example, to achieve the absolute accuracy of 2m could take an hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Duration required to obtain a given survey-in accuracy could vary greatly depending on various factors such as: sky-view obstructions, local rf interference, number of constellations visible at the location, firrmware version of GPS, etc.
```
